Hello everybody!!! :) You can see visualization of my project in Tableau: https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/maksym.tkachenko1140/viz/where-to-be-born-update4/Dashboard1?publish=yes
This is my attempt to create 'where-to-be-born' top, that measures the level of the life in different countries.I tried to take into account as many variables as possible. To do it, I downloaded some data from Kaggle.com, and other data I obtained using web scraping. Then I used SQL to join tables into one big table and made some modifications to some tables, also removing the information that I didn't need. To calculate the total score, I used Python in Jupyter Notebook. I used my own formula, giving preference to certain variables more than others. Finally, I put it into Tableau and obtained this visualization. I was particularly interested in which variables had the biggest impact on the top, so I returned to Jupyter to conduct some analysis using linear regression to see which variables had the most impact. That's all! I hope you have read everything :) I have more examples of projects on GitHub. I am only starting out, but I really like it.#
Variables that I used: Living index,	gpd per capita	Gender Development Index (2021),	HUMAN CAPITAL INDEX 2020,	Political stability 2022	,SocialProgressScore,	BasicHumanNeeds,	Opportunity,	Water andSanitation,	PersonalSafety,	Accessto BasicKnowledge,	EnvironmentalQuality,	PersonalRights,	HealthandWellness,	Inclusiveness,	Access toAdvancedEducation,	Social support.
